We've seen how to generate a cell.
What do you think goes
into generating a layer?
So, with that said for
a second Think of something,
and now I'm going to answer it and
you can check your answer.
The difference between
generating a cell and a layer.
And so by that, I mean, a single output of
a template versus all of the templates for
a single or for
a collection of entities is
ultimately just a matter of iterating.
And so
if we go to our layer generator start,
we are going to see how to do this.
And what you'll see here
is you start to poke into
this is that it's kind of
almost where I left off
last time in the sense of we
now have more than one schema.
And within that now we can group
these together into a domain.
So, for
the sake of conversation semantically,
let's say that a domain is
a collection of entities or schemas.
And then from here, the question
is how would we generate a layer?
So how would we generate a service layer?
How would we generate a state layer?
Well, we know how to generate and
iterate a single template.
What would it take for us to generate
more than one of those things?
Well, if we go up into our generate layer
function, yes, this is a function.
It's just as a placeholder and right now,
we can update this to do something.
And that is we are going
to take a generator.
So a generator works on at the layer and
the domain,
which is a collection of entities or
schemas.
And we're going to
iterate over that domain.
And for every entity,
we're going to generate a template.
So we're just taking
a very simple thing and
we're just iterating on it
to create a larger thing.
So from here, let's go with,
Domain reduce, and
we're going to go with code and
we know that every time it iterates,
what we're actually getting
is a schema object.
And then from here,
we're going to Update our code.
And I'm gonna just put a placeholder
here for just a moment.
And then we're going to return code.
And within here,
we're gonna pass in an empty string.
And so the magic is going to happen here.
So what I'm gonna do is because
I foolishly deleted it,
is we're gonna go code
class language typescript.
And then I'll close this out.
And we need to generate
something in between this.
So this is kind of like a string sandwich.
So we're going to take our generator,
whatever that is.
So this is the beauty of this, so
I can even type this it's a generator
And I could type it, but
I'm gonna not type it because it
would distract me for just a moment.
So we'll go generator and
then we're going to go
generate good times come on.
And we're gonna just pass in schema,
config and
what this is going to
return is a template or
this is what we want to render, template.
All right, I'm kind of nervous,
kind of excited.
But let's see what happens
when we open up this window.
All right, let me do this in
a standalone window so we can see it.
So now what we have is, courses,
services, lessons, services and
assignments, services.
And what if we wanted to
generate the state layer?
Well, let's go active.
Dive inner HTML equals
generate layer and
we'll go reducer generator
and/or domain, config.
All right,
how long did it take me to type that line?
I don't know, like 10 seconds maybe.
And so we'll save this and
let me just delineate this here.
So this is where I'm getting
paid by the hour, and
I realized that I'm working too fast.
And so I need to slow my roll
to justify my timesheet.
I'm just kidding.
So now, let's flip back over here.
And data layer,
all the way down to the state layer.
How long did that take?
Well, hardly any at all,
any time at all, but more importantly,
what did it take me in terms
of effort to go from and
I'm just gonna open this up and
From a template, I guess we're
doing more than one template.
What did it take to go from here where
I'm doing them one by one to this,
where it's generating it all at once?
It took me exactly, well, seven lines of
code I believe [INAUDIBLE]
7 lines of code.
So I went from generating a cell or
a template to a layer
in seven lines of code.
And all we're doing is
defining our schemas,
putting them into an array, looping over,
reducing it into an output that
we're then putting on to the screen.
So from here again Let's
go with challenges.
Now start the timer.
We've just realized that,
we're gonna add in a new feature.
And we're gonna have
the ability to do challenges.
Okay, that's awesome.
And how soon can we have something ready
to demo for the stakeholders?
Well, notice, I've defined a schema and
I've just added it into my domain.
And if I come back here,
now I have a challenges service.
And if I go to the bottom I
have a challenges reducer.
How long did that take me?
Not very long because I'm thinking
not about building one widget,
I'm thinking about
building 10,000 of them.
And so this is the difference of
moving from wiggling something by
hand with a pocket knife to plastic
injection molding on an assembly line